Update _index.md (#102)
open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io: content/getting-started/quick-start/_index.md

Use any of the following methods to bootstrap your Open Cluster Management environment.

<!-- spellchecker-disable -->

> {{< toc >}}

Reviewer: can't you use {{< toc >}} here?

   * [Install and create a cluster manager on your _hub_ cluster](#install-and-create-a--cluster-manager--https---operatorhubio-operator-cluster-manager--on-your--hub--cluster)
   * [Install and create a klusterlet agent on your _manage_ cluster](#install-and-create-a--klusterlet-agent--https---operatorhubio-operator-klusterlet--on-your--manage--cluster)
   * [Accept join request and verify](#accept--join--request-and-verify)
- [Install via Operatorhub.io](#install-via-operatorhubio)
- [More details](#more-details)

> Before installation, we need to create two clusters. One used as hub cluster and another as managed cluster.

Reviewer: Before installation, prepare a multicluster environment with at least two clusters. One used as hub cluster and another as a managed cluster.

### Install and create a [cluster manager](https://operatorhub.io/operator/cluster-manager) on your _hub_ cluster

0. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the hub cluster:
    ```Shell
    kubectl config use-context <hub cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-hub
    ```
1. Bootstrap the Open Cluster Management control plane:
    ```Shell
    clusteradm init
    ```
   Then you will get a result with a generated `join` command:
    ```
    please log on spoke and run:
    clusteradm join --hub-token <token_data> --hub-apiserver https://126.0.0.1:39242 --cluster-name <managed_cluster_name>
    ```
   Copy the generated command and modify the `<managed_cluster_name>` to your managed cluster name. E.g. `cluster0`.

### Install and create a [klusterlet agent](https://operatorhub.io/operator/klusterlet) on your _manage_ cluster

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the managed cluster:
    ```Shell
    kubectl config use-context <managed cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-spoke
    ```
2. Run the generated `join` command to join the hub cluster:

>     ```

Reviewer: Shell?

    clusteradm join --hub-token <token_data> --hub-apiserver https://126.0.0.1:39242 --cluster-name <managed_cluster_name>
    ```

### Accept `join` request and verify

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the hub cluster:
    ```Shell
    kubectl config use-context <hub cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-hub
    ```
2. Accept request:
    ```Shell
    clusteradm accept --clusters <managed_cluster_name> # clusteradm accept --clusters cluster0
    ```
3. Verify `managedcluster` have been created successfully:

>     ```

Reviewer: Shell?

<!-- spellchecker-disable -->
{{< toc >}}

Before installation, prepare a multicluster environment with at least two clusters. One used as hub cluster and another as managed cluster.

> You can create these two clusters using [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/). Run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: minor nit: remove the trailing `/` after `.io`.

```Shell
kind create cluster --name <your hub cluster name>     # kind create cluster --name hub

> kind create cluster --name <your managed cluster name> # kind create cluster --name spoke

Reviewer 2: Instead of `spoke` use `cluster1` which seems to be default sample managed cluster name 
https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/registration-operator/blob/main/deploy/klusterlet/config/samples/operator_open-cluster-management_klusterlets.cr.yaml#L8
and many more references of `cluster1` on the website: https://open-cluster-management.io/getting-started/core/register-cluster/

```

## Install via Clusteradm CLI tool

### Install Clusteradm CLI tool

Download and extract the [clusteradm binary](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/releases/latest). For more details see the [clusteradm GitHub page](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/blob/main/README.md#quick-start).

> ### Install and create a [cluster manager](https://operatorhub.io/operator/cluster-manager) on your _hub_ cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploy a `cluster manager` on your _hub_ cluster
```
Lets not link out to operatorhub here because it contains install instructions and might be confusing for reader.

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the hub cluster:

>     ```Shell

Reviewer 2: add a new line before ```Shell

    kubectl config use-context <hub cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-hub
    ```

> 2. Bootstrap the Open Cluster Management control plane:

Reviewer 2: add a new line before `2. ...`

>     ```Shell

Reviewer 2: add a new line before ```Shell

    clusteradm init
    ```

>    Then you will get a result with a generated `join` command:

Reviewer 2: add a new line before `Then...`

>     ```Shell

Reviewer 2: add a new line before ```Shell

>     please log on spoke and run:

Reviewer 2: Replace `please log on spoke and run:` with `...`

We need to improve the UX of clusteradm. This clusteradm output mention `spoke` but generally we use the term `managed` cluster. For now I think we should just not show this sentence and only show the `clusteradm join....` part.

    clusteradm join --hub-token <token_data> --hub-apiserver https://126.0.0.1:39242 --cluster-name <managed_cluster_name>
    ```

>    Copy the generated command and modify the `<managed_cluster_name>` to your managed cluster name. E.g. `cluster0`.

Reviewer 2: use `cluster1`

>    Copy the generated command and modify the `<managed_cluster_name>` to your managed cluster name. E.g. `cluster0`.

Reviewer 2: add a new line before `Copy...`

>    Copy the generated command and modify the `<managed_cluster_name>` to your managed cluster name. E.g. `cluster0`.

Reviewer 2: instead of `modify` maybe its better to use the word `replace`

> ### Install and create a [klusterlet agent](https://operatorhub.io/operator/klusterlet) on your _manage_ cluster

Reviewer 2: Add some new lines similar to the previous recommendations.
Make sure you run `make server` and browse to this page to double check the consistency of the page after your changes.

> ### Install and create a [klusterlet agent](https://operatorhub.io/operator/klusterlet) on your _manage_ cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploy a `klusterlet` agent on your _manage_ cluster
```
lets not link out to operatorhub here similar to cluster manage above.

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the managed cluster:
    ```Shell

>     kubectl config use-context <managed cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-spoke

Reviewer 2: `kind-cluster1`

    ```

> 2. Run the generated `join` command to join the hub cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the previously copied `join` command to join the hub cluster:
```

    ```Shell
    clusteradm join --hub-token <token_data> --hub-apiserver https://126.0.0.1:39242 --cluster-name <managed_cluster_name>
    ```

### Accept `join` request and verify

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the hub cluster:
    ```Shell
    kubectl config use-context <hub cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-hub
    ```

> 2. Accept request:

Reviewer 2: We might want to add a step before `Accept request` to talk about when user can actually accept the request and expect it to work.
I think it takes at least a few minutes before the CSR and the managedcluster CR is generated on the hub.
Maybe we have to do some get in combination with watch flag. @qiujian16 what do you think?

    ```Shell

>     clusteradm accept --clusters <managed_cluster_name> # clusteradm accept --clusters cluster0

Reviewer 2: use `cluster1`

    ```
3. Verify `managedcluster` have been created successfully:
    ```Shell
    kubectl get managedcluster
    ```
   The return result looks like:

    ```Shell
    NAME       HUB ACCEPTED   MANAGED CLUSTER URLS      JOINED   AVAILABLE   AGE

>     cluster0   true           https://127.0.0.1:41478   True     True        5m23s

Reviewer 2: `cluster1` instead of `cluster0`

<!-- spellchecker-disable -->
{{< toc >}}

Before installation, prepare a multicluster environment with at least two clusters. One used as hub cluster and another as managed cluster.

You can create these two clusters using [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io). Run the following commands:

```Shell
kind create cluster --name <your hub cluster name>     # kind create cluster --name hub
kind create cluster --name <your managed cluster name> # kind create cluster --name cluster1
```

## Bootstrap via Clusteradm CLI tool

### Install Clusteradm CLI tool

Download and extract the [clusteradm binary](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/releases/latest). For more details see the [clusteradm GitHub page](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/blob/main/README.md#quick-start).

> ### Deploy a `cluster manager` on your _hub_ cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploy a cluster manager on your hub cluster
```
Let's remove these formatting in headers because they don't display nicely.

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the hub cluster:

    ```Shell
    kubectl config use-context <hub cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-hub
    ```

2. Bootstrap the Open Cluster Management control plane:

    ```Shell
    clusteradm init
    ```

   Then you will get a result with a generated  `join`  command:

    ```Shell
    please log on managed cluster and run:
    clusteradm join --hub-token <token_data> --hub-apiserver https://126.0.0.1:39242 --cluster-name <managed_cluster_name>
    ```

   Copy the generated command and replace the `<managed_cluster_name>` to your managed cluster name. E.g. `cluster1`.

> ### Deploy a `klusterlet` agent on your _manage_ cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploy a klusterlet agent on your manage cluster
```
Let's remove these formatting in headers because they don't display nicely.

1. Ensure the `kubectl` context is set to point to the managed cluster:
   
    ```Shell
    kubectl config use-context <managed cluster context> # kubectl config use-context kind-cluster1
    ```

2. Run the previously copied `join` command to join the hub cluster:
   
    ```Shell
    clusteradm join --hub-token <token_data> --hub-apiserver https://126.0.0.1:39242 --cluster-name <managed_cluster_name>
    ```

> ### Accept `join` request and verify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Accept the join request on your hub cluster and verify
```
Let's remove these formatting in headers because they don't display nicely.

{{< toc >}}
<!-- spellchecker-enable -->

> ## Create hub cluster and managed cluster by [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer: Two clusters are needed before the installation, one as hub cluster ... 
To prepare two clusters using kind, run the following command.

## Install via clusteradm
### download clusteradm
### install hub
### install spoke

## install via operatorhub

Author: Done.
